<12 aug 2025>

One obvious thing I just realized, and idk why I didn't think much about it until now, is when/before I get into a new territory or I'm already in one and I'm lost, why not instead of bashing my head on random advices from random people from random places, I go to the most boring sources where the world class guys of that skill answer questions/suggest/advice stuff to people. A 15 year old random comment from a world class competitive programmer about how to approach DSA problems, is much better than 20 YouTube videos with the title "this is how I got into FAANG" 


<12 aug 2025>

Honestly, as stupid as it may sound, my ideal project would've been something that could've made it physically possible to host your own server on your own computer, ofcourse for free, and run it 24/7 without keeping your computer on for the time being. I know, as far as we have come, if it really was possible, we wouldn't have datacentres now. That probably might have been one of the first things the big tech invented. What really bugs me tho isn't server hosting but how much money matters in this world. "oh you can't pay $5 a month, might as well fuck yourself. And for the ones that you're hosting on our platform, we'll spin them down after 15 minutes of inactivity so that the next time someone sends a request to your API — it takes a minute to load your thing and your users can decide to move to another tab instead". And none of us can blame it tho. It takes money for those platforms to host your server as well. Electricity isn't free. And that only consolidates my belief that at the end, all that matters in this world is money. that's it. No matter what the idealistic folks say. respect to them for the false hope they can sustain in themselves. money is all that matters at the end. not necessarily in your life. the most important thing in your life might be your parents, or wife, or kids or perhaps the car your bought. but all of them are followed by the presence of money. Try living on the streets without money and let me know how much you think about things other than money. These are too obvious. You could be spending more time coding on a borrowed windows 7 and still someone else with daddy's money might have the latest macbook and will set up stuff in 5 minutes that takes you 3 hours to set up manually. Well, these are too obvious indeed. Nothing new. Everybody knows these. everybody understands these. But we often pretend that we don't. 

<11 aug 2025>

A man with a hammer sees everything as a nail. I am a man and the hammer is backend. So rather than writing a frontend, I'll rather send HTML Responses to an API request. (I make hideous frontends).

<11 aug 2025>

Alright f it. I've spent too much time deciding exactly the right words to write here. Completely forgot that i named it musings. It's not supposed to be polished, it's not supposed to be grammatically correct, this isn't a portfolio project. this is just a one route api i wrote to hold my random thoughts in a black env in monospace font. Twitter's free tier has word limits that i hate. Medium, Substack, Blogger are all overkills. I just needed a text only platform to keep a history of my thoughts, rants and sometimes deep musings. So here we go. And not like i didn't think of adding features like search, pagination, filtering and what not. I didnt. partly bacause i am lazy, partly because i fear code, mostly because i make hedious frontends. Actually, above all, making it fancier will defeat its purpose. that is, making myself comfortable with making random shit for the sake of it. to save myself from becoming a linkedin slave who treats his github as a porrtfolio. I wanna treat it as a gallary of my scars. the portfolio will take care of itself. Let me keep it imperfect, because i literally made it to be so.

